Cole, J. B., and P. M. VanRaden. 2008. A Manual for Use of BESTPRED: A Program
for Estimation of Lactation Yield and Persistency Using Best Prediction.
 
U.S. Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service, Animal Genomics
and Improvement Laboratory.
 
This manual describes how to obtain, install, and run a Fortran 90 program for
calculating lactation yields and persistencies using best prediction
methodology. Chapters also present the theory underlying best prediction,
describe the methodology used to calculate covariances among pairs of days in
milk for any combination of traits, and discuss implementation details important
to anyone considering modifications to the programs. The purpose is to provide
both background material and step-by-step instructions for successful use of the
software.
 
The authors of this software do not make any warranty, express or implied, or
assume any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or
usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or
represent that its use would not infringe privately-owned rights. Reference
herein to any specific commercial products, processes, or services by trade
name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute
or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States
Government or the author. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein
do not necessarily state or reflect those of the United States Government
and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
 
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose
without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice is included
in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy or modification of
this software and in all copies of the supporting documentation for such
software.
 
7-Zip is copyrighted 2007 by Igor Pavlov. Absoft is a registered trademark and
Absoft Fortran v10 is a trademark of Absoft Corporation, Rochester Hills, MI.
DB2 is a registered trademark of International Business Machines Corporation,
Armonk, NY. G95 is copyrighted 2004 by the Free Software Foundation, Boston, MA.
GCC, the GNU Compiler Collection, is copyrighted 2007 by the Free Software
Foundation, Boston, MA. Kubuntu is a registered trademark of Canonical Ltd.
Linux is copyrighted 2007 by Linus Torvalds. Microsoft is a registered trademark
and Windows is a trademark of Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, WA. Red Hat and
Red Hat Enterprise Linux are registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., Raleigh, NC.
